// This is a story that everyone can add to. 
// Add a section and then submit a pull request so that it 
// becomes a part of the original and someone else can add the next part!


Once upon a time, in a galaxy far, far away.  Things happened! It was snowy and sunny at the same time. 

Then, one day, something very, very big happened. A boy named Sue suddenly appeared! Where did he come from?

He had been sent from the Man in Black from the Ring of Fire planet to save the galaxy from chaotic weather.

He came down, down, down from that Burning Ring of Fire, where the
suns were hot, hot, hot and it never, ever snowed.

And Here I am !!
And he then transformed into a legendary Super Saiyan. Epic. 

And then there was rain and the rain was good.

And then he took his cloned fork and said "I gotta git to the hub for some chow!"

He chose the chow mein, and he would live to regret it.

And then I woke up! That was a strange dream.. The weather outside is fine and all three suns shine bright in the sky.

he looked outside but he was like no i want to learn stuff about open sourcing! so he went on diy and learnedt stuff NEXT DAY his mind trobbing of new leanding he went on diy to learend some more and he got mo knowledge on the web dezelopemeant.

So it went for some time. After a quick breakfast of Fiber One cereal, for above all he craved regularity, he sat down at his MacBook.

His MacBook had a cat sitting on top of it.

The cat was called Tiddles McFluffball. Its breath smelt of catfood.

Tiddles yawned loudly, then he began to speak. "My name is Tiddles McFluffball. He paused, then added in a stately manner, "You may call me Mr. Tiddles."

Just as I was about tell him to "Get off my computer!" he stopped my mid way through my sentence and grabbed my tongue.

"Cat got your tongue!" he proclaimed. What a clever cat. Who could ever get angry at that?

But cats are not known for being gentle and kind.  No, they manipulate and feign and mess with your mind.

Much like mothers.  That reminds me of Mother's day when I once gave my mother a cat.  

She was not a fan of that cat. She tried to make her cat wear a hat but instead it it merely gave her a pat on the head and sad, nevermore dear mother.

Then the cat transformed into a pink pegasus and they partied all day and night.

That's why so many people can't sleep at night.

And would rather be counting sheeps in their dreams...  jumping over a white fence. 

===
start the things which is not there..

A bunch of ducks like pizza. 

An army of angry gummy bears marching towards the Big Old City...

After a very confusing reading, people usually begins with a € here.

Hi Everyone! :-)

// the fork that wormholed into another space... ࿗ༀ࿉࿅༗࿊༕࿈༖࿋༒࿄࿆࿌࿇

So many forks! I got hungry again!

So I started scouring the kitchen for something to eat with forks. …Spaghetti? …Fruit Salad? Anything?? No not anything – because unfortunately, it turned out that my kitchen had nothing. but. JELLO™. What do you do with so many forks and JELLO™?!

